hello and welcome to a computer geek 965
8 walkthrough video this time I'm going
to be showing you how to connect one of
these nintendo wii motes to one of these
standard laptop computers obviously
doesn't need to be a laptop it could be
desktop or basically just any computer
that's got a laptop card of any shape or
form so whether its built-in pcmcia what
i'll be using is one of these USB
adapters Oh Jeep anything from 10 pounds
if you get it from a shop or even cheap
off somewhere like Amazon so how do you
connect and azula wiimote to the
computer now what you need is something
called a bluetooth stack this is
software that actually it makes use of
one of these bluetooth adapters and
allows you to connect it to other
Bluetooth devices well i will be using
is this one down here the standard
Bluetooth stack that comes with Windows
Vista or Windows XP service pack 2 1
onwards now all of this if you don't
have Windows XP or Vista well not
obviously but if you don't you're not
done for normal you can get blue sea
stacks easily off the internet but you
should have had one come with your
Bluetooth adapter or card or whatever
normally the soprano you something that
Bruce a day or widcomm doesn't matter
i'll be using microsoft software now if
you've got vista there's a helpful
program here called remote connect this
is available for remote project and yes
i will put the link to that on the in
the description and that literally
allows you to connect using one button
and it will make use of it but in order
to do it using the bluetooth stack first
thing you need to do is get your wiimote
and make sure your wii's not on because
it does make things more difficult but
we've got to do is right click on the
bruises duck and click on add a
Bluetooth device and and now just
immediately start holding one and two
now on Vesta there's an extra step that
involves actually removing a Bluetooth
device every time so if you just cancel
now and just go to the Bluetooth stack
show Bluetooth devices click on Nintendo
LVL CNT 01 move yes and now just right
click add a Bluetooth device start
holding 12 now this extra step is not
needed on windows XP and I'll show you
how to use remote connect on vista so
you don't have to move it first they
were here it's come up with Nintendo LVL
dash C and T dash 0 1 that's the
technical name for a Nintendo Wiimote
now click that and click on next make
sure you still holding one and two click
on pair without using code keep holding
one and two hey it's now paired I know
you can use your favorite program may be
good of pie i use that allows you to
program the wiimote so on this I've made
for instance mad noise thing that uses
the wiimote of speaker as soon as it
stops flashing then you can plug on the
led to something else I'll also created
allows you to actually control the PCs
mouths using the wiimote some now
controlling it using the wiimote now if
you have Windows Vista and you're sick
and tired of having to actually v.v
connect your wiimote every time and
disconnected etc
then I highly suggest the program called
wiimotes connect this is available from
the llevo project and you let you go
downloads puts download files and scroll
down fine we will connect nor point six
if you just click that click on the file
name conn.open and then extract all
files and once you've extracted them
into a folder double-click on remote
connect hold its disconnect your llevo
from the computer you just pop the
battery out and it's gone so now start
flashing again now to connect the wii
mote of the computer just cold 12 and
click connect minus ends is doing
something weird it could have a heart
and it's connected bulimic I believe
it's automatic so it will just connect
straight away once you've connected this
is connected one at the bottom then
you're free to just look love pie or
whatever you use and since I find it
like program it or do whatever you like
with it again now mine is being a bit
stupid if it doesn't work just simply
click on connect whilst holding one two
and it will connect there's a really
good software it will connect as I said
a highly suggest this program on vista
because as I said before on XP I mean on
vista you have to split this up haha
sesti connected and still driver and now
i can just use this
and I'll get the weird noises again so
that's how to connect your wiimote to
the computer they've gets comment rate
and if you need any support I can help
you or if you've got any suggestions of
great programs utilize the wiimote
please do and post them and if gets rate
subscribe etc etc fine
you